## Size of the folder structure
(echo -n "Number of JS files:  "; find ./app -name '*.js' | wc -l) > magicoach-folders.txt &&
(echo -n "Number of XML files: "; find ./app -name '*.xml' | wc -l) >> magicoach-folders.txt &&
(echo -n "Number of TSS files: "; find ./app -name '*.tss' | wc -l) >> magicoach-folders.txt &&
(echo "Javascript Lines of Code: "; find ./app -name '*.js' | xargs wc -l) >> magicoach-folders.txt &&
(echo "XML Lines of Code: "; find ./app -name '*.xml' | xargs wc -l) >> magicoach-folders.txt &&
(echo "TSS Lines of Code: "; find ./app -name '*.tss' | xargs wc -l) >> magicoach-folders.txt

## Notes
1. magicoach has free and pro version. See tiapp.xml for configurations
1.1 Pro version has golden background and free versions is green

1.2 DefaultIcon.png and iTunesConnect.png are iphone logos for Magicoach. Appcelerator automatically resizes them for all resolutions.
1.2.1 Because name&location of 'DefaultIcon.png' cannot change, Folder 'logo-pro' and 'logo-pro' contains logo for free and pro versions.
This is just a place to store images. If you wish you can remame to 'DefaultIcon2.png' if you DON'T want to use it as a logo.

1.3 Folder 'app/platform' have android logo for all resolutions.

1.4 Folder 'plugins' do not touch. Automatically generated by Appcelerator.

1.5 Folder 'app/i18n' has the language settings.

1.6 Folder 'app/assets' has all the images and the custom font.

1.7 Folder 'app/controllers', 'app/styles', 'app/views' are connected. Appcelerator follows MVC architecture.

1.8 File 'app/alloy.js' is the first file to run. Ideally it should be empty = No global variables.

1.9 File 'app/config.json' to declare global constants. Appcelerator will convert this file to an obfuscated .js

1.10 File 'app/app.tss' for global styles.

1.11 File 'app/controllers/index.js' is the second file to run. From there, we control what we run/open next.
1.11.1 File 'app/controllers/views/organizer.js' is the third file that is ran. It builds menu.

1.12 Folder 'app/lib' is a shared library between all controllers.